release: 035.0 (#392)
Substra/substra-documentation: docs/source/additional/release.rst

- `backend changelog <https://github.com/Substra/substra-backend/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md>`__
- `orchestrator changelog <https://github.com/Substra/orchestrator/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md>`__

Substra 0.35.0 --- 2024-02-20
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> **Platform** 
> 
> - Remove distributed mode. Starting from this release, only the standalone mode is supported.
> 
> **All**

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 

Reviewer: - Remove distributed orchestration mode based on the private blockchain. Starting from this release, only the standalone orchestration mode is supported.

> - Functions have now their own lifecycle. They start building when they are created when the platform have a slot to build it, even if the task 
>   will be executed later, speeding up execution time for tasks closer to the end of the workflow. Moreover, each function is built only once, on the function owner,
>   and the built image is transfered to other organizxations, opening the way tyo have rootless nodes (one root node with a builder is needed within a network)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Functions have now their own lifecycle. They start building when they are created if there is a slot to build it, even if the task will be executed later. This speeds up execution time for tasks closer to the end of the workflow. Each function is built only once, on the function owner organization. The built image is transferred to other organizations, opening the way to have rootless nodes (only one root node with a builder is needed within a network).
```

- To support the function workflow, the flollowing statuses have been added:

  .. image:: /static/schemes/function.state.svg

> - Reworked compute task statuses reflecting status in function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reworked compute task statuses reflecting status in function:
```

- `backend changelog <https://github.com/Substra/substra-backend/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md>`__
- `orchestrator changelog <https://github.com/Substra/orchestrator/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md>`__

Substra 0.35.0 --- 2024-02-20
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

**Platform** 

- Remove distributed orchestration mode based on the private blockchain. Starting from this release, only the standalone orchestration mode is supported.

**All**

- Functions have now their own lifecycle. They start building when they are created if there is a slot to build it, even if
  the task will be executed later. This speeds up execution time for tasks closer to the end of the workflow. Each function
  is built only once, on the function owner organization. The built image is transferred to other organizations, opening the
  way to have rootless nodes (only one root node with a builder is needed within a network).

> - To support the function workflow, the flollowing statuses have been added:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To support the function workflow, the following statuses have been added:
```
